hello everybody welcome back to the
whiskey bitch my name is Amy Douglas the
whiskey bitch and it is time to talk
about one of the rock stars and whiskey
somebody who we will wait overnight in a
store for to get the ticket it's like
the equivalent of getting you two
tickets now our bag you know how we feel
about our bag around the air this is
ardbeg perpetuum all yard beg fans you
probably are looking for a bottle of us
right now you poor unfortunate souls
this and every year there is a festival
on the eyelid eyelid called the phi seal
and every distillery for the most part
does a special release to celebrate the
Isle of Iowa every year ardbeg puts out
a special release whiskey and you have
seen us review just about all of them
here there are some special releases as
you know it's super nova then almost
bare lore at this point because they
came they went because they were amazing
and something did someone like Galileo
which Marsala wine cast but our big
perpetual its latest star of the
festival this is worth finding if you
can find it let me tell you a little bit
about the product first of all it's in a
very comfortable free world you 47.4
alcohol by line that's very respectable
it's just sizzly enough but it's
celebrated 200 years that's the thing
this is to celebrate 200 years of the
art of egg distillery so what they have
done not that they're telling you too
much about it of course all you whiskey
probably have your ends with people who
know but this is a blend of some very
very old art bag how far back they won't
tell us it's very new ardbeg mixed
together it's sort of like ideas of the
past I use of the future sometimes when
people decide to do things like this
it's a mess it doesn't work but our bag
oh my love I am so glad that we got a
balance because that is some knockout of
a nose Wow the very first thing that I
want to say is that you know it's our
bag that's the beautiful thing here with
perpetuum they have snapped the identity
of everything we love about ardbeg and
they have so pronounced it you couldn't
mistake this for any other I love
whiskey you couldn't accept that this is
like fireworks apartment all the
wonderful smoky PD it quickly becomes a
dazzling array of everything ranging
from green apple to BBQ ribs to Sichuan
peppercorns a little bit of green
licorice I could go on Moss obviously
see the sea is very pronounced here I
mean this is this is almost like the
best of all put together and it really
might be a best of it's like a greatest
hits of our bed
oh man and is it good it's a PD salty
porky gravy oatmeal cookie filled with
that awesome cream stuff and the cream
stuff has Szechuan peppercorns in it
deliver to those oatmeal cookie
sandwiches with the cream that isn't
probably really cream at all in the
middle it's that with elements of
prosciutto maybe some smoked clams a
little pistachio a little bit of that
sort of erbe phenolic green licorice e
thing that only ardbeg de so it's like
and by the way still getting flavors
still getting new things like just there
black pepper it's it sensational
perpetuum is is fourth all of the hype
you have heard about it and it's going
to be even better just a little tap
water because it's 47 is you're getting
up there when you add water to this all
of the other things I love about our bag
come up the things nobody thinks about
like behind all that smoke is like a
cream soda finish Moss seaweed sea air
and something sweet in their vanilla and
almost a little bit of chocolate there's
a little bit of chocolate in there it's
it's so peppery
Oh mom it is good it is really delicious
and loaded with flavor and coats your
tongue the mouthfeel on this it's just
so anxious and yielding and the food
that man is the finish on this log and
high and peppery and delicious peppery
like good Thai food now I want type of
it sup see that's the thing but
sometimes Here I am talking about a
product of Scotland that makes me want
thai food go figure this in my opinion
might be the best limited edition
special release for the five seal the
Ardbeg has done since super a whiskey
that in my opinion is so good that you
should squirrel it away and not touch it
very much and we might have to prove
ourselves to do the same with our bed
perpetuum which i'm giving a nice
healthy 94 out of 100 for an enjoyment
rating i'm still getting stuff i'm
getting a stash EO ice cream basil
whenever you drink pee dee's gosh just
keep exhaling and you'll get many many
more notes there's something porky time
to be confused with that god awful movie
in the 80s which sort of a guilty
pleasure something a port for a bacon
and then something salty and a little
prosciutto e like a salty ham of some
sort it's very it's very enjoyable and
it keeps coming around every time you
get something salty the pepper it's like
salt and pepper that's all it's so good
it it really is I don't know if you're
going to be able to find it it's not
cheap and you can find it however get a
bottle and go to town hey you that
concludes our whiskey bitch for today
but stay with me there's so many more
my skis to talk about how everyone bye